in this highly requested tutorial all
shows two different techniques you can
use to create beautiful side-swept retro
waves and the first technique will be
using a one and a half inch curling iron
start to brush hair and apply cuticle
concealer to the end of your hair
covering or constrain make sure to
spread the product evenly enough
confident one area now decide where you
want your size heart to be and create a
diagonal line going from the end of your
slide part to the nape of your knife pin
this larger section of hair up and away
from the hair that will be pinning now
get some hairspray on that section brush
it to the side and get ready to secure
it with bobby pins I'm using fairly
tight medium sized bobby pins just
pinning the hair in place making sure
that my bobby pins are lined up in one
single line the closer you place the
bobby pins together the neater the end
result will be
give this pink side another spray to
ensure that it is as clean as possible
we'll be curling from the bottom up so
separate a section from the bottom and
send the rest of the hair up in a way to
ensure that your waves flow as evenly as
possible make sure your horizontal lines
are straight V parte now brush for this
section and give it a quick spray this
will ensure your clothes last longer and
now take your one and a half inch
curling iron wrap the hair around the
curling iron instead of passing through
the clip and hold it for about seven to
ten seconds carefully release the curl
making sure you don't break it and then
give it a quick spray to set it and see
you with these same steps covering the
rest of the head
the next steps are going to be vital for
the completion of this look so pay close
attention once you have finished curling
all of your sections suck the hair with
some hairspray and using the comb brush
the front fringe section backward and
hold it with your finger pin it in place
I'm using a metallic pin you may use any
type in do you have handy now working
with the direction of the wave bring the
hair forward and pin it in place as well
you're essentially working with a
movement of the hair bring it backward
if your hair is long enough with the fun
and pinned up backward and then bring
whatever you have left to the front
again and to the back again remember to
place your pins in the direction towards
which the hair is facing now give that
section a nice long spray and with a
blow-dryer hold it onto that section for
about 20 seconds making sure that the
shape is nicely sized once you're done
and carefully remove your pins and get
ready to enjoy your beautiful style I
always like to finish with a final spray
to set the style as you can see the
waves are larger and flow more freely
with this section where you have the
first look
the second technique involves using the
curling wand instead of curling iron the
sets are very similar essentially you're
wrapping the hair around the wand and
holding it for 5 to 7 seconds now I find
that I don't need to spray the hair with
hairspray before curling because with
the one the clothes are much tighter
into last longer I do like to set it
however after I finish the curls
continue these steps by curling the hair
in the same direction in parallel
horizontal part
you
the next step is what I find sucks the
icing on the cake once you've finished
rolling the entire head of hair take a
section from the top and wrap that
entire section on your curling one and
hold it for about 10 seconds this will
ensure that you get nice uniform waves
we will be covering the entire style so
your site's what's retro weeds are nice
and uniform arrange the hair nicely and
give it a final spray to set the style
and here you have another technique to
achieve beautiful sites web pressure
waves as you can see the clothes with
this technique are a little tighter and
more than one I'm not sure which
technique I like better what do you
think share your opinion with me on my
Twitter or my facebook hope you enjoy
this tutorial